README.md, before:

# Rendez-vous with Cassidoo interview questions

## What's this?

This repository contains solutions to the weekly interview question that is included in Cassidoo's newsletter.
The newsletter archive can be found here: https://buttondown.com/cassidoo

## Why are you doing this?

I love to challenge myself with puzzles.
In the past I've participated to Advent of Code and this felt like a perfect lightweight version of that.
The weekly interview questions are generally not too complicated but might still challenge me.

## What's the technical setup?

This repository uses the following tech stack:
 - Vite
 - TypeScript
 - Vitest
 - Prettier
 - eslint

## How is the code run?

1. Clone this repository locally
2. `npm i`
3. `npm run test`

Currently the code only runs as tests but I'm planning on adding a proper SPA around it to have certain or all code be runable in the browser.

## Todos

 - Move `partition` function separately
 - Test `partition` function
 - Ensure drawcube.js is tested
 - Create small SPA to showcase the days

Commit message:

Update README to include solutions folder location
Added information about the location of solutions.

README.md, after:

# Rendez-vous with Cassidoo interview questions

## What's this?

This repository contains solutions to the weekly interview question that is included in Cassidoo's newsletter.
The newsletter archive can be found here: https://buttondown.com/cassidoo

## Why are you doing this?

I love to challenge myself with puzzles.
In the past I've participated to Advent of Code and this felt like a perfect lightweight version of that.
The weekly interview questions are generally not too complicated but might still challenge me.

## What's the technical setup?

This repository uses the following tech stack:
 - Vite
 - TypeScript
 - Vitest
 - Prettier
 - eslint

All solutions can be found in the `sr/questions` folder.

## How is the code run?

1. Clone this repository locally
2. `npm i`
3. `npm run test`

Currently the code only runs as tests but I'm planning on adding a proper SPA around it to have certain or all code be runable in the browser.

## Todos

 - Move `partition` function separately
 - Test `partition` function
 - Ensure drawcube.js is tested
 - Create small SPA to showcase the days
